howdy there Internet people its Bo again
reporting live from the Mexican border
for the fifth column president Trump has
declared a national emergency due to an
invasion we've been down here most of
the night we have not seen any signs of
any opposition forces the Pentagon has
yet to tell us exactly which country is
invading however we have seen what
appears to be refugees fleeing in terror
from somebody we can only assume that
the opposition forces have to be close
by and that's why they're there heading
this way hang on we have some new
information I'm sorry say again it
sounded like you said that was the
invasion it was a family of six
confirmed
he declared a national emergency over
people crossing the border to legally
claim asylum who sent me down here you
get that idiot Justin on the phone I am
so done with this network